What are you doing?
Let go of me who are you
Do I know who the hell?
Several young masters
I'm sorry.
The governor's wife herself gave the order
We also do things by collar
Madam Governor, why did he arrest me?
Then you have to ask him.
But don't worry, young masters
If you don't fight back
I won't hurt you either
kill
Don't move don't move
Or I'll kill him
Sir, calm down.
Let go of Miss Mu first
If you have something to say, let's talk about it. I told you not to come here.
Calm down
I asked you to refund the number.
step back
To save your useless daughter
You are really reckless
Humph
Red refers to all the celebrities and the powerful as the body
You even dare to do General Ye's general ceremony
You have the guts
I do admire you a little
Hand over Qinghe
It's your last chance.
It's two o'clock.
My brother and General Ye will be here soon
Why are you in a hurry?
If you have the ability, continue to sit and don't get up
I'm going to wait and see what happens to you
I'm waiting to see too
Queen's decree shall not be humiliated
Queen, you hum
Wake up and stop dreaming about spring and autumn
Can't be humiliated, right?
na
I'm humiliated
How about you bite me?
Aren't you pretty good at fighting?
Governor to
General Night arrives